1. New dictionary added is not displayed

Try to manually delete the .cache cache folder in the root directory and then restart.

2. The js and css of the front-end page are invalid.

Manually delete the browser's cache files (no need to clear cookies).

3. Display\[BASE_FUNC.CHECK_READLIB WARNING\]

It indicates that cython compilation is not performed.

Run django-mdict/mdict/readlib/pyx/build.bat on Windows, and django-mdict/mdict/readlib/pyx/build.sh on Linux.

This will compile readmdict.py. The compiled pyd or so runtime library is under django-mdict/mdict/readlib/lib/. After compilation, the speed is increased by about 1/3 compared to without compilation.

4. 403 Error, 500 Error and Operation not permitted

Permissions issue

4.1 Try deleting the .cache folder.

4.2 Try to increase the permissions of the django-mdict folder and all sub-files.


```
chmod -R 777 django-mdict
```
4.3. Try to increase the permissions of the idx file extracted from the zim file in the dictionary library.

5. Failed to enable APR_TCP_DEFER_ACCEPT


```
sudo vim /etc/apache2/apache2.conf
```

Add this line at the end of the file


```
AcceptFilter http none
```

6. sleep: cannot read realtime clock: Invalid argument


```
sudo mv /bin/sleep /bin/sleep~
touch /bin/sleep
chmod +x /bin/sleep
```

7. apache fails to restart and stop under ubuntu20.04

For multi-process problems, repeat it several times.

8. An error occurs when saving data. Try to write a readonly database.

Modify the permissions of db.sqlite3.

9. The built-in entry exists, but cannot be queried.

Try saving the entry again.

10. After closing django-mdict under Windows, zombie processes remain in the background.

Manually end the python process in the task manager, or log out or restart the system.

11. run_server.sh: line 16: syntax error: unexpected end of file

Need to convert script format

12. Error: [WinError 10013] An attempt was made to access the socket in a way that access permissions do not allow.

The default port 8000 is occupied, or the port 18766 where ws_server.py is running is occupied. Try using other ports, or restart the computer.

Port 8000 is occupied


```
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:another port
```

Port 18766 is occupied, modify ws_server_port in config.ini.

13. An error message is reported when loading the dictionary: mdx loading failed 'Encoding' or mdd loading failed 'GeneratedByEngineVersion'.

This dictionary is a new format mdx dictionary generated by mdxbuilder4.0 and is not supported.

14. Parts search does not display results.

Check if you forgot to check Instant Query.

15. After iPad Safari is added to the home screen, when there are many entries, the bottom button bar will scroll along with the page.

Hide the bottom bar in settings.

16. In iPad Safari, the input box often fails to bring up the keyboard when the window is suspended.

Change the iPad keyboard type to floating keyboard, retract the floating window and then pull it out again.

17. urlopen error \[WinError 10061\] Unable to connect because the target computer actively refused it.

Port 8766 of ws_server on Windows is occupied and the startup fails. Restart the computer to release the occupation, or modify ws_server_port in config.ini.

18. The new nltk version reports an error Resource omw-1.4 not found.

Download omw1.4.zip and place it in the django-mdict/media/nltk_data/corpora/ folder.

19. sqlite3.9.0 or later is required

Upgrade sqlite version

20. After upgrading Django to version 4.1, ckeditor is invalid and js references are displayed as strings.

Upgrade django-js-asset


```
pip install -U django-js-asset
```

[https://github.com/django-ckeditor/django-ckeditor/issues/727](https://github.com/django-ckeditor/django-ckeditor/issues/727)

21. The files in the django-mdict folder and the folder where the dictionary is located are occupied, and the following error may occur.

Error: OSError: Permission denied (need to wait for the file to be released)

Error: django.db.utils.OperationalError: disk I/O error (need to wait for the file to be released)

Error: django.db.utils.DatabaseError: database disk image is malformed (the db.sqlite3 file needs to be repaired)

Do not set the django-mdict folder and the folder where the dictionary is located as the synchronization folder of the synchronization software.

22. django.db.utils.DatabaseError: database disk image is malformed

a. [Download sqlite tool](https://www.sqlite.org/download.html)

b. [Repair db.sqlite3 file](https://blog.csdn.net/qq_41539778/article/details/136531120)

c. Rename exported file to db.sqlite3.

23. django.db.utils.OperationalError: attempt to write a readonly database

Change db.sqlite3 file to read and write permission.
